What is the collective noun for grass?
What colour is alabaster?
What paper size is the next biggest after A7?
What animal has three hearts?
What color is mollusk blood?
What is the smallest bird?
What is the fastest land animal?
Which giraffe legs are the longest?
Which animal cleans its teeth after food? (It washes its mouth).
Which birds have scales on their wings?
Which animal has green-colored fat?
The largest snake on Earth.
The largest tree in the world.
The tallest trees in the world.
The largest anthropoid ape.
In which Spanish city did the Joan Miro museum open in 1975?
Which Italian artist painted the Birth of Venus?
In which city is the famous Manneken Pis fountain?
Who is the inventor of photography?
What is the first book of the Old Testament?
In which English town did Adolf Hitler study art?
In which city can you see Michelangeloes David?
What is called the Jewish candlestick with special religious meaning?
In which country was the famous painter El Greco born?
In which city is the composer Frederic Chopin buried?
Who did paint the famous painting Guernica?
In which city did Romeo and Julia live?
What is the capital of Turkey?
Which Turkish city has the name of a cartoon character?
What is the name of the desert area in Mexico?
What is a very cold part of Russia?
How many continents are there?
On which Italian island is Palermo?
Which is the largest desert on earth?
Which river is flowing through Rome?
Which country did once have the name Rhodesia?
What island, which belonged to Denmark, was independent in 1944?
What is the largest state of the United States?
On which continent can you visit Sierra Leone?
Through which capital does the Liffey river flow?
What is the second largest country in Europe after Russia?
What is the capital of the American state Hawaii?
What do the Japanese people call their own country?
In which country is Krakow located?
What is the largest city in Canada?
What is the capital city of Australia?
Which is Biggest country in the world?
What is Scotlands National Animal?
Who was the first man to fly around the earth with a spaceship?
What color is cobalt?
Who invented vulcanized rubber?
What is the organ that is affected when one is suffering from hepatitis?
Which device do we use to look at the stars?
Which device is used to measure the air pressure?
Which unit indicates the light intensity?
Who invented the barometer?
What is the lightest existing metal?
What is the substance known by the chemical formula NH3?
Which planet is nearest the sun?
Which natural substance is the hardest?
What is the lightest chemical element?
What is the brightest star in the northern hemisphere?
Which planet was discovered by Frederik Herschel in 1781?
In astronomy, what are Pallas, Vesta and Davida?
How many eyes does a honeybee have? One, four or five?
What color is the French wine Beaujolais?
What should you do in the Arab countries to show that the food was delicious?
Which nuts are used in marzipan?
From which cactus is tequila made?
From which country does pitta bread originate?
Which country is the origin of the cocktail Mojito?
What is the well known drink from Greece?
What is called a meal in open air?
Which cheese is traditionally used for pizzas?
Which country is the origin of the Stella beer?
What is the most famous Mexican beer?
What is Japanese sake made from?
What is bottled a lot in the French town Vichy?
Which French town is known for its mustard?
What beer is marketed as The king of beers?
With which fruit is Kriek beer (a Belgium brew) is flavoured?
What is the real meaning of the Greek word Pita?
What is the Hungarian word for pepper?
What is a banana called in Malaysia?
What is the most famous beer in Ireland?
What kind of food is Manchego from Spain?
Which country does the Peroni beer come from?
Which famous brewer from Amsterdam did die in the year 2002?
What is the only ingredient that is not found anywhere except India?
Which nuts are used in marzipan?
Which fruit is also a animal?
Which vegetable can be sweet or bitter?
Which vegetable is used to make ketchup?
What is the largest vegetable?
Cannonball, bok choy, savoy, kohlrabi, red drumhead are all types of...
Who is the fourth musketeer besides D Artagnan, Athos and Porthos?
Who killed the Minotaur ?
Which Egyptian woman was considered as the inventor of agriculture? She married her brother and together they had a son: Horus.
Who is the giant with 100 eyes according to the Greek mythology?
What is the name of the winged horse in Greek mythology?